COMPANY:

- Motto:

At Selective Intellect, we use heuristic programming methods to optimize and
deliver packaged solutions that provide "Eureka!" moments not just to you, but
to our development team as well. When we deliver, we deliver the best there
is, and offer solutions perfectly aligned to your needs.

- What we do and what are we best at or what do we offer.

Solving challenging problems in software is our forte. Designing and efficiently
implementing complex algorithms in software is the core of our services business.
We focus
on optimizing quality, cost and time to implement solutions for our
customers. We happily take on projects that are incomplete and complete them to
our customers' satisfaction. 

Our expertise lies in areas of high performance computing, data extraction and
consolidation, and computational algorithms in the fields of science,
engineering and finance. Our developers have extensive experience in various
operating systems such as Microsoft Windows, Linux and other Unix variants. 

* HIGH PERFORMANCE COMPUTING
We possess knowledge and experience in parallelization of applications at the
algorithmic level, and also distributing applications on a grid or cluster of
computers. With the advent of multi-core computers, accelerating the
performance of an application by leveraging parallel programming is a skillset
we have and share with our customers on both at the design and implementation
levels. We incorporate state-of-the-art, academically researched algorithms,
create our own or innovate by improvising on existing ones. Our usage of
industry standard parallelization APIs like that of MPI, PVM and OpenMP will
help you take advantage of cheaper hardware of today to extract that extra
drop of performance from your investment.

Our expertise in cross-platform computing in languages such as C and C++, not
only enables us to improve performance in applications by keeping in mind the
quirks fo each operating system but also design APIs that are identical for
all platforms to make life easier for the developers.

If the need arises, we also perform modifications in operating systems such as
Linux, and many other open source applications so as to extract maximum
performance out of them. We also provide customized versions of Debian and
Ubuntu Linux distributions specially designed for high performance computing
applications.

* DATA EXTRACTION SERVICES

At Selective Intellect, data is indeed our business. Our novel methods of
capturing, consolidating, integrating and analysing data aid our customers to
improve their efficiency and profit, by providing them tools and algorithms to
extract data and analyze them easily. We specialize in writing
context-sensitive web crawlers to retrieve data from various available
structured and unstructured content on the web. This consolidated contextual
data helps our customers, to not only broaden the applicability of the data and
its analyses to their existing systems, but also to improve and design new and
special purpose systems and products for specific domains.

* DATA EXTRACTION TOOLS

Data capture, integration and analysis are quickly becoming the mainstay of a
large number of businesses.
With the explosion of information on the internet, there has been considerable
interest in consolidating the data into specialized structured forms for
solving complex user problems and extensive analysis. The web is replete with
structured, semi-structured and unstructured data in various forms such as
text-based data, image-based data, websites, forums, blogs, Web 2.0
communities, instant messaging systems and enterprise intranets. Extracting
structured information from text, software logs and crawls of websites to
decipher the interplay of structured and unstructured data are in progress. 

However, it gets very difficult and time consuming to write custom new tools
each time to aggregate data from various websites and data sources. Moreover,
with the changing face of websites and other data sources over time,
maintenance of such tools and their respective algorithms and patterns for
each website and/or data source can quickly become a mammoth task.

To overcome this problem, we at Selective Intellect, provide a "content and
context"-sensitive web crawler which can perform intelligent data extraction,
i.e. can understand what kind of content it is
looking for, figures out on its own what to extract, and can derive relationships 
between different pieces of data. It
can filter useful from the useless content and can handle changes in webpage
designs seamlessly. It uses natural language parsing to decipher the content
and creates complex relationship graphs which it uses to create a useful
structure from data. The crawling technology can not only parse text in
websites in the form of HTML, but also parse text present in text documents and
PDF files. It essentially replaces your data entry personnel by automating
their jobs to a great extent. It is capable of performing periodic crawls on
websites and can even masquerade as a real user by automatically logging into
websites where content exists behind login screens.

As a user of the product, all you have to do is tell the crawler when and what
to look for on the web, and sit back and relax while the crawler figures out
and returns with structured and formatted data in a format of your choice. Our
crawlers not only are high speed, but also can be distributed over a cluster
of computers to take advantage of excess hardware resources.






This structure that is created can further be analyzed by
other software programs or can be directly viewed by user using visualization
tools.
- About us

- Contact us

- Products

PARANG:
The market place for scalable parallel processing architectures has changed a
lot in the last decade, thus creating a need for software that maximizes the
availability of such hardware. It is important to understand what problems can
and cannot be solved using parallelization, as algorithms might have dependent
portions that do not always lend themselves to parallelization. In contrast,
embarassingly parallel problems such as Monte Carlo simulations, which are
indispensible techniques for modeling and simulation in today's research world,
tend to extract maximum use out of such hardware.

Techniques such as Monte Carlo simulations and in the field of cryptography such
as cryptanalysis, which heavily use random number
generators (RNGs), which are not parallel by nature. Hence the need for parallel
(capable of executing on multiple processor threads/processes simultaneously
without coherence) and scalable (capable of running on variable number of
processors, running in thousands, without coherence). The danger of coherence
can occur in RNGs, where stochastic models generate results with high degrees of
periodic correlation between sections of output, thus reducing multiple runs to
replications of small number of runs. This can effectively reduce the number of
trials to just one in the worst case, and can be more dangerous since coherence
might not be noticed due to high dimensionality of the problem.

Despite some research having been done in parallel RNGs (such as the free SPRNG),
none appear to support various parallel architectures,
processor architectures and size, are not universally scalable or distributed.

Presenting PARANG, an easy to use PArallel RAndom Number Generator, which not
only scales well with thousands of processors but also supports various parallel
programming paradigms such as MPI, PVM, IPC, sockets, threads, and GPGPU such as
NVIDIA's CUDA. PARANG is a library that can be embedded in your source code, and
provides a simple to use API that can support every supported parallel paradigm
without having to change anything. Whether your programs use MPI or PVM or CUDA
or threads, the API stays the same and the developer can easily use PARANG
without having to modify code for each paradigm. 

PARANG also supports "BigNums" or very large integers and real numbers out of
the box by default and handles them automatically. 

PARANG is not just one style of random number generation. It supports various
algorithms of random number generation, such as, various linear congruential
generators, multiplicative linear congruential generators, combined multiple
recursive generators, various lagged Fibonacci generators, and other non-uniform
deviate based RNGs. PARANG also can perform quasi random number generation using
algorithms based on Mersenne Twister, Sobol, Box-Mueller and Halton sequences.
 These can be selected at runtime via a simple runtime switch
in the API. PARANG also provides various tests for the user to test the library
and analyse the performance and quality of the random number generation, to
ensure the integrity of the random number generation, and prevent the
inadvertent coherence between multiprocessing threads. These include statistical
tests such as chi-square testing, frequency testing, correlation and
autocorrelation testing, and standard RNG tests such as the DIEHARD and NIST
suite of tests.

PARANG also provides API hooks for the user to incorporate their own
custom distribution paradigm if they would like to roll their own MPI, PVM,
threads or socket based distribution.

We offer PARANG in the form of compiled binaries for Microsoft Windows, Linux
and Mac OS X, and also for the corresponding parallel programming paradigm such
as MPI, PVM, and NVIDIA's CUDA.

We also license the complete source code of PARANG for users who want complete
compilation control over their software for additional charge. Technical support
is provided with this package.

